# hello-world
This is my first repo.
This is my hello world. I am a developer that started from a desire to create video games at a young age. I began the search for the knowledge of how to create games that started me on my journey to learn the ways of the keyboard. I read an article in a game informer magizine that led me to learn about different game engines, 3d modeling software, and what it takes to compile everything to make a polished product. I began using RMXP to make simple games that taught me principles of events and creating instructions to be executed when the even is triggered. I dabbled with blender view the world of 3D modeling. I later learned Game maker, a drag and drop program that allows users to create games simply and with little to no code. I made a few basic games using MS paint and gimp to create my sprites. I created a few small projects like tennis pong, a scrolling shooter, platform games, and basic Role playing games. After finsihing my first scrolling shooter I learned how to turn my drag and drop into code because code was cool! I started to learn and understand the logic behind how the drag and drop system worked. I learned how to use built in functions and variable to make the game do what i wanted it to do. I became more and more familiar with game maker language(GML) which allowed me to do more and more complex things. I started to dable with Java, Python, Javascript, CSS, HTML, and swiftUI to create more and more projects. The joy is in the journey.     
